[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into
the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew arrive
on the Fishman Island,
which is located ten thousand
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones and
assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It's not long before
the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict,
and find themselves in
the midst of an all-out war!
After a change of plans,
Hordy threatens to
crush the entire island
under the weight
of a massive ship.
[AMMO KNIGHT A gasps]
What's wrong?
It's... there. Look!
Hordy!
He can still stand?
[LUFFY gasps]
I can breathe.
[HORDY grunting]
[HORDY chuckling]
[LUFFY]
"Coming to an End!
The Final Decisive
Battle against Hordy!"
[HORDY chuckles]
If he's this tough,
his bounty would be high...
...like a 100 million.
He must be hurt.
[HORDY yells]
I'm not letting you
interfere, Straw Hat.
Not a chance in hell.
The Noah will fall.
Just try to get those
vile human hands on it!
There's nothing you can do now.
This is the day
Fishman Island dies!
[LUFFY]
Second Gear!
Now, Gum-Gum... Jet Pistol!
[LUFFY gasps]
[chuckles]
[LUFFY gasps, grunts]
[LUFFY screams]
Poor Straw Hat. You're too slow!
Oh, no, Luffy. Please don't die!
[laughs]
[LUFFY]
Now, Gum-Gum...
...Jet Bazooka!
[HORDY yells]
[screams]
That won't stop me!
Armament Hardening!
This is it!
Now, Gum-Gum...
...Red Hawk!
[HORDY groans]
[HORDY yelling]
[chuckles] Don't you worry.
If those don't hurt enough,
I can always make another set!
[HORDY laughs]
[LUFFY groans]
[panting]
Damn! How strong
can this guy get?
That Red Hawk woulda wiped
the floor with him before!
[laughs] After all of this,
my power still surprises you?
Come now, Straw Hat!
It was granted to me by
heaven to vanquish humans,
especially the likes of you!
You were so confident you
could gain the advantage
once you were able to breathe
freely, but it wasn't enough!
No mortal can best
the power of the divine!
I've surpassed the strength
of man and Fishman!
No one can stop my revenge!
[FUKABOSHI]
Hordy.
He must have mutated far beyond
his physical limit by now.
His anger towards humans,
combined with the
Energy Steroid,
has transformed him
into a true monster!
I hope Straw Hat knows
what he's up against.
Be careful.
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
Luffy's losing.
Do you think, maybe,
Hordy is really undefeatable?
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
The situation with the Noah
is increasingly dire.
The ship continues to fall
steadily toward Fishman Island.
And right now on the deck,
Luffy and Hordy are locked
in a fight to the death!
[FISHMAN A]
We're about to be crushed!
[FISHMAN B] There must
be something we can do!
[FISHMAN C]
C'mon, Straw Hat!
[ZEO chuckles]
Hear that?
Sounds like our captain's
got the upper hand.
We really were
chosen by the heavens.
Our cause was the
right one all along!
Your leader is
tough for a human,
but he's reached his limits.
His odds of pulling
through this are laughable.
[ZEO chuckles]
[BROOK]
No.
[ZEO]
Hmm?
As I told you...
I have faith in our captain.
Luffy won't be beaten.
I can feel it deep in my bones!
[laughs]
[ZEO grunts] You can die
laughing if you like,
but you're still finished!
[USOPP]
Chopper!
Are you sure you're
okay over there?
Oh, yeah, I got it
all under control.
With just one Rumble Ball
I can fight in this
form for three minutes.
Plus, I don't pass out at
the end or anything like that!
Now you guys don't have
to look out for me so much!
Don't sell yourself short!
If you can do this kind
of stuff whenever ya want,
you're gonna be the
one looking out for us!
[CHOPPER]
Uh!
Flattery'll getcha
nowhere, buddy!
Doesn't work on me! Ha!
Nope, not at all. [laughs]
That's creepy!
Now you've really made me angry!
I don't care how big you are.
All it takes is one good
dosun and you're outta here!
Dosun all you want.
Sorry, but I don't
plan on going anywhere!
Now, bring it on!
Nice going!
[DARUMA] Kya! You think
you can just chat it up
with your friend in
the middle of a fight?
You're lucky I don't
gnaw straight through you!
I don't know why
your Straw Hat pals
bother putting up with
dead-weight like you!
I'm gonna do 'em a favor
and put you outta your misery!
[USOPP]
Hmph. You're welcome to try.
But first I wanna
show you something cool.
Pay attention!
You're about to see a magic
trick you'll never forget!
Ha! A special move?
If that's your game,
I've got plenty of those myself!
Maybe the Squid
Spear didn't work...
[IKAROS]
...but I've got another weapon
that'll cut through anything
you can throw at me-hhi!
Huh?
[IKAROS] Say hello to
the Light Bright Spear!
It's powerful enough to cut
a hole through your cockpit.
This battle will
be over in one shot,
but it'll be won by me-hhi!
That does look pretty sweet,
but if I'm being honest,
it's still way less ultimate
than my ultimate weapon.
You're squid-outta-luck
now, dude.
[HYOUZOU groans]
What's a swordsman
without his swords?
What should I do?
If you're just gonna croak
like a frog, I'm done.
Waste of time.
[HYOUZOU] Heh? Maybe
I am a little like a frog.
[HYOUZOU] The kind whose
poison's enough to kill a man.
Wrap this up, you said?
Not till I'm good and ready!
You think I got all puffed up
just to deal with
a loser like you?
Quit dreaming!
You know, all I gotta do
is roll around
this plaza a few times
and all your friends'll
be smooshed flat as pancakes!
Uh, are you even listening?
[SANJI]
Sorry. I was lost in thought.
You were ignoring me?
Uh-huh.
Trying to think of recipes,
for big, hideous blowfish.
What'd you say?
All right, that's it!
I'm rolling!
Blowfish!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
Have at you.
[LUFFY panting]
He's bleeding.
Poor Luffy!
Ya don't know
when to quit, do you?
Here you are on
the brink of death,
yet you continue
to stand against me.
Just surrender.
Spare yourself the indignity!
[laughing]
I told you before.
Didn't you hear me?
I'll save Shirahoshi
and this island.
Oh, Luffy.
Because I promised my friend.
Straw Hat.
[LUFFY]
I'll protect them--
every last one!
[HORDY chuckles]
[HORDY] You humans can be
so arrogant, it amazes me.
You're more likely to
get yourselves killed
than admit how weak you are.
[HORDY] So I'll have to
beat some humility into you.
[laughing]
Look, I'm kind of in a hurry.
Can we finish this up already?
If you think you
can, be my guest!
Weepyhoshi, get outta here!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Ah! Right!
Fishman Jiu-Jitsu.
Water Heart!
[HORDY]
Shark Pack, go!
Not fast enough!
[LUFFY gasps]
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY screams]
[SHIRAHOSHI gasps]
[HORDY]
Now die!
[thudding]
[SHIRAHOSHI]
It can't be.
Please, no!
[HORDY cackling]
Luffy!
[cackling]
[HORDY chuckles]
[LUFFY]
Third Gear!
[HORDY gasps]
[LUFFY]
Armament Hardening!
Tch! How much does
it take? Insolent fool!
Now, Gum-Gum... Elephant Gun!
[yelling]
[laughs] It's no use!
Human strength
will never stop me!
I will have my revenge.
Even if it's the
last thing I do!
Shut up! I've had enough of you!
Crush them... Noah.
Kill them all. They've forsaken
their pride as Fishmen.
They deserve to pay the price.
[HORDY laughs]
[HORDY]
Huh?
[yelling]
Now, Gum-Gum...
...Elephant Gatling!
[ZEO] This is my space,
you washed up pile of bones.
Take one step
inside this circle,
and you'll be dead all
over again. I promise.
[ZEO chuckles]
Your move.
[BROOK humming]
[ZEO]
Huh?
[BROOK] I'm terribly
sorry, but I've already
made my way inside
the circle and cut you.
Also, as a fair warning...
...this will be cold.
[ZEO]
Huh? When did you get in here?
Song of Scratches...
Blizzard Slice!
[ZEO groans]
And now, a haiku.
A blood-chilling wind howls
from the land of the dead.
Sets skirts aflutter! [laughs]
[laughs] Gotcha!
Huh? What is this?
My Green Star.
Humandrake technique!
[DARUMA groans]
[USOPP] Those plants have
arms and leg-shaped roots
that attack and latch onto
whatever flies over them.
[DARUMA yelps]
Good luck with that.
[DARUMA yells]
Now what?
[USOPP] Green Star Trampolia!
It's pretty self-explanatory.
Anyway, now that you've been
catapulted into the sky,
there's not much you can
do to defend yourself.
Here goes! Green Star.
[GREEN STAR WOLF A roars]
[DARUMA] I don't care
about your dumb dog.
I'll rip it to shreds!
--[USOPP] I wouldn't.
--Huh?
[USOPP]
See that red bulb on its nose?
If you attack, that thing'll
release a devastating shockwave
three meters wide, like this!
[DARUMA groans]
[DARUMA yelling]
[USOPP]
Impact Wolf! Awesome, right?
[DOSUN]
Dosun! Whamsun! Slamsun!
Better watch out
or you'll get hit
by the dosun-est
dosun that ever dosun'd!
Papara-Hammer!
Cloven Roseo Palm!
[DOSUN groans]
It brokesun.
Ika, Ika, Ika! Too bad!
You won't make dried
squid outta me-hhi!
Franky...
Ika, Ika, Ika!
...Radical Beam!
[IKAROS]
I was wrong!
[CHOPPER]
Whoa!
Huh? It's got a laser beam, too?
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
Badass!
[LUFFY yelling]
[JIMBEI]
Fishman Karate! Vagabond Drill!
And begone!
[WADATSUMI grunts]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Huh?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE A] Hold on,
did he just spring a leak?
All the air's gonna come out!
[WADATSUMI groans]
Enjoy the view, it's your last.
Ah! Wait, you know how to fly?
You scared the guts outta me!
[SANJI] The last two years
were a stain upon my soul.
[ALL]
Ooh, Sanji!
[SANJI] I went through
hell! It isn't fair!
He's on fire!
[SANJI] I wanna burn
those days to ashes!
Hell Memories!
[WADATSUMI yelling]
[SANJI]
Scared the guts out of you?
Good, that'll make
the job easier.
Blowfish guts are toxic.
You have to take that part out.
[HYOUZOU]
Let's see you block this!
Quit it, frog. This is over.
I told you, I'm not a frog!
I'm the master
swordsman Hyouzou!
Fishman Island's champion
of the octopus
eight-sword style!
Purgatory... Onigiri!
[HYOUZOU groans]
[ZORO]
My mistake.
Maybe you're not a frog
after all, but you did croak.
[thudding]
[FUKABOSHI gasps]
[gasps]
Whoa.
[ALL]
He did it!
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
Straw Hat beat him!
Finally! Hordy is down!
[NARRATOR]
Even if Luffy can defeat Hordy,
the Noah will
continue its descent
as if possessed by
the Fishman's grudge.
As the islanders stare upon it,
they are seized with despair.
Luffy puts his life on the line
to break apart the
legendary vessel,
but it will take more than
that to save the island.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Stop, Noah!
Desperate Elephant Gatling!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!